Generate Strand Positions {#appendix_b_generate_strands}
==============================================
Strand positions can be generated by specifying the coordinates of a starting and ending strand position and the number of strands to generate in horizontal and vertical rows. Strand positions can also be generated by specifying the coordinates of a single strand, the horizontal and vertical spacing, and the number of strands to generate in horizontal and vertical rows.

Item | Description
------------|--------------
Strand Type | Select the type of strand to be generated
Layout Type | Select the strand position layout type. Strands can be laid out by a start point and a horizontal and vertical spacing or by a start and end point
Fill Sequence | Select the strand fill sequence. Strands can be ordered sequentially from the starting strand position. Strands can also be ordered by skipping every other position in a row. For a sequential fill sequence strands will be ordered 1, 3, 5, 7, etc (even numbered strands will be on the left side of the vertical axis of the girder). For a skipped fill sequence, strands will be ordered 1, 5, 3, 7, etc (again, even number strands will be on the left side of the vertical axis of the girder).
Delete Previously Defined Strands | Check this box to delete previously defined strands.
Straight Strands | Enter the X and Y position of the starting strand.
Harped Strands at End | Enter the X and Y position of the ending strand or the horizontal and vertical strand spacing 
Harped Strands at Harping Point| Enter the number of strands in a horizontal row on the right hand side of the vertical centerline of the girder and the number of strands in vertical columns.

