Spec. Checking and Design {#ug_library_dialogs_project_criteria_design_and_spec_checking}
==============================================
Define project criteria for specification compliance checking and design.

Check the box for the "Check" option to enable specification compliance checking.

Check the box for the "Design" option to instruct the Girder Designer to consider a particular specification requirement during design.

At Release Check/Design Options
-------------------------------
Options for checking and design at time of prestress release.

Item | Description
-----|------------
Hold Down Force | Check and design the prestress hold down force generated by the deflection of harped strands. Select whether the total hold down force, based on the average strand slope, or a per strand force is used. Enter the permissible hold down force. Enter the amount (percentage) to increase the hold down force to account for friction in the hold down devices (See LRFD 5.9.3.2.2a (*pre2017: 5.9.5.2.2a*) and PCI BDM Example 9.1a,pg 9.1a-28 for more information)
Harped Strand Slope Limits | Check and design for limiting slopes of harped strands. Enter the maximum permissible slope for strands that are 0.5" diameter and smaller, 0.6" diameter, and 0.7" diameter.
Splitting Resistance | Check and design for splitting resistance per LRFD 5.9.4.4.1 (*pre-2017: 5.10.10.1*). Enter the splitting zone length as a fraction of the girder height.
Confinement Reinforcement | Check and design the confinement reinforcement per LRFD 5.9.4.4.2 (*pre-2017: 5.10.10.2*).
Plant Handling Weight | Check the weight of the girder against a maximum plant handling weight. Some plants have handling weight limitations. Enable this check to help designers ensure girders can be handled by your fabricators.

Lifting Check/Design Options
------------------------------
Options for checking and design during lifting of the girder from the casting bed. Lifting analysis parameters are defined on the @ref ug_library_dialogs_project_criteria_lifting tab.

Item | Description
-----|------------
Min Lifting Point Location from ends of girder | Enter the minimum lifting point from the ends if the girder. Enter H if the minimum location is the girder height from the end.
Accuracy | Enter the lift point location accuracy used by the Girder Designer when establishing the lift point location.

Hauling Check/Design Options
------------------------------
Options for checking and design during hauling of the girder to the bridge site. Hauling analysis parameters are defined on the @ref ug_library_dialogs_project_criteria_hauling tab.

Item | Description
-----|------------
Min Truck Support Location from ends of girder | Enter the minimum support location from the ends if the girder. Enter H if the minimum location is the girder height from the end.
Accuracy | Enter the support location accuracy used by the Girder Designer when establishing the hauling support point locations.
Not to be less than | When checked, the truck support location is never taken to be less than this distance from the end of the girder. Enter a value less than 0.5. This parameter is used only for the Kansas hauling method.

Final Check/Design Options
--------------------------
Options for checking and design for the final bridge configuration

Item | Description
-----|--------------
Slab Offset ("A" Dimension) | Enable checking and design of the slab offset.
Live Load Deflection | Select whether to check LRFD 2.5.2.6.2 for deflection due to live loads. Enter the permissible deflection ratio (such as L/800). The LRFD optional deflection live load is specified in 3.5.1.3.1. Note that the live load is applied to the entire bridge structure using the stiffness of the deck, girders and barriers if structurally continuous. The barrier concrete material is assumed to be the same as the deck concrete. Slab fillet and slab offset ("A" dimension) effects are ignored (the deck is placed directly atop the girders). 
Bottom Flange Clearance | Check the box to enable bottom flange clearance checks. When enabled, the clear distance between bottom flanges will be computed and compared to the minimum bottom flange clearance specified in this setting. Owners may want to use this option to alert engineers to situations where the clearance between bottom flanges may cause construction or inspection access issues.
Inclination of Tilted Girder | Check the box to enable inclination of tilted girder checks. When enabled and girders are not erected plumb, the inclination of the girder is checked by computing the location of the self-weight resultant force and evaluating its location with respect to the kern point, adjusted for the specified factor of safety. The location of the kern point is take to be 1/6 of the bottom width of the girder less the specified bearing pad deduction. Owners may want to use this option to alert engineers to situations where the girder may be unstable during erection. NOTE: This is not a stability analysis.

Harped Strand Design
--------------------
Options for harped strand design.

Item | Description
----|------------
Add Strands Using the Permanent Strand Fill Order | Harped strands are added to the girder based on the fill order of permanent strands in the girder definition.
Minimize Number of Harped Strands | The designer will perfer to use straight strands over harped strands, however, straight strands may be replaced with harped strands to control top tension at release

Roadway Elevation Checks
--------------------------
For bridges with adjacent girders and no deck, the top of the girder is the finished roadway surface. Because of dead load deflections, camber, longitudinal top flange thickening (if supported by the girder), and precamber (if supported by the girder), the top of the girder may not precisely match the design roadway elevation defined by the Horizontal, Profile, and Superelevation data in the Alignment Description. 

The Bridge Geometry Report, Roadway Elevations chapter, lists the design and finished elevations along the left edge, centerline, and right edge of the girder. 

When the difference in the design and finished elevations exceed the value given in this setting, the finished elevations are reported in red text. This will alert you to any unacceptable discrepancies between the finished and design elevations.
